rattata 400 normal raticate
rattata 400 normal raticate
pikachu 700 eletrico raichu
mankey 700 lutador primeape
vulpix 700 agua starmie
vulpix 700 fogo ninetales
vulpix 700 fogo ninetales
rattata 400 normal raticate
magikarp 200 agua gyarados
oddish 600 planta vileplume
rattata 400 normal raticate
staryu 700 agua starmie
oddish 600 planta vileplume
pikachu 700 eletrico raichu
zubat 600 voador crobat
zubat 600 voador crobat
zubat 600 voador crobat
rattata 400 normal raticate
magikarp 200 agua gyarados
meowth 500 normal persian
meowth 500 normal persian
teddiursa 600 normal ursaring
mankey 700 lutador primeape
caterpie 400 inseto butterfree
abra 500 psiquico alakazam
pikachu 700 eletrico raichu
pikachu 700 eletrico raichu
rattata 400 normal raticate
magikarp 200 agua gyarados
oddish 600 planta vileplume